# The order of packages is significant, because pip processes them in the order
# of appearance. Changing the order has an impact on the overall integration
# process, which may cause wedges in the gate later.

requests>=2.14.2                                       # Apache License, Version 2.0

#rally>=0.11.0                                          # Apache License, Version 2.0
rally

# OpenStack related
boto>=2.32.1                                           # MIT
gnocchiclient>=3.3.1                                   # Apache Software License
keystoneauth1>=3.3.0                                   # Apache Software License
kubernetes>1.0.0                                       # Apache License Version 2.0
os-faults>=0.2.0                                       # Apache Software License
osprofiler>=1.4.0                                      # Apache Software License
python-barbicanclient>=4.5.2                           # Apache Software License
python-ceilometerclient>=2.5.0                         # Apache Software License
python-cinderclient>=3.3.0                             # Apache Software License
python-designateclient>=2.7.0                          # Apache License, Version 2.0
python-heatclient>=1.10.0                              # Apache Software License
python-glanceclient>=2.8.0                             # Apache License, Version 2.0
python-ironicclient>=2.2.0                             # Apache Software License
python-keystoneclient>=3.8.0                           # Apache Software License
python-magnumclient>=2.1.0                             # Apache Software License
python-manilaclient>=1.16.0                            # Apache Software License
python-mistralclient>=3.1.0,!=3.2.0                    # Apache Software License
python-muranoclient>=0.8.2                             # Apache License, Version 2.0
python-monascaclient>=1.7.0                            # Apache Software License
python-neutronclient>=6.3.0                            # Apache Software License
python-novaclient>=9.1.0                               # Apache License, Version 2.0
python-octaviaclient>=1.4.0                            # Apache License, Version 2.0
python-saharaclient>=1.4.0                             # Apache License, Version 2.0
python-senlinclient>=1.1.0                             # Apache Software License
python-swiftclient>=3.2.0                              # Apache Software License
python-troveclient>=2.2.0                              # Apache Software License
python-watcherclient>=1.1.0                            # Apache Software License
python-zaqarclient>=1.0.0                              # Apache Software License
